waiting and hoping for a glimpse of a
face they haven't seen in weeks and
feared they might never see
again on the other side of the crossing
are some of the few Palestinians Israel
allowed through its long-standing
blockade of
Gaza workers with permits to cross the
Fortified border and toil in low paid
jobs on the other
side now after weeks in is ready prisons
they've returned into waiting arms but
with shocked accounts of their
experiences we were workers and I didn't
know where to go we stayed on the side
of a road the police picked us up and
took us to prison we were handcuffed and
our legs tied and people were beaten
thank God we're okay but I don't know
what was happening
outside you are Hamas you are Hamas they
would hang us leave us for 4 days with
no food no water they would torture us
at night strip us accusing us of being
Hamas a homecoming of relief and tears
but uncertainty too captivity is over
but gaza's Palestinians are all
prisoners of a different sort blockaded
and bombed by Israel it might be home
but home is an economically choked and
dangerous place
we went to Israel to work and feed our
kids as if we were Killers I felt like a
criminal and I've done
nothing the work was low paid but it was
still a vital Lifeline for the 18,000
gazans issued permits Israel's blockade
has hollowed out gaza's economy where
the UN estimates unemployment is at
about
45% now this scheme has gone too Israel
is severing all contact with Gaza says
prime minister Benyamin Netanyahu except
for the bombs falling on its homes and
the Israeli troops on its streets Glory
Chalin
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer